hi everyone welcome back this is Klein
Studios piano lesson number six still
getting to know the keyboard we're going
to continue that today by learning about
all the s and all the g's let's get
started okay to find F and G we're going
to focus on the group of three the white
key on the left side of the group of
three is f now right next to F is e you
might notice there's no black key in
between E&F that's because they're just
a half step apart from each other urban
three app and only other side G open
three F G group of three left Jing group
of three math cheap carpet three F G
group of three F G group of three F G
group of 3 FG group of 3 FG group of
three F and G and that's it great job
everybody now don't forget if you have
any questions piano a Klein creative com
that's piano at Cline creative com and
if you want to see any of these lessons
in writing you want to sit at the piano
and read along go to Klein creative com
click on Klein studios and every lesson
is there for you I don't forget to
practice every day if you can email me
with questions and keep playing